Show
Show us your
Agent skills
What are people at the top of the game building with AI agents, and how are they doing it?
Are they Claude maxing with eight terminals open at once or
adversarially testing opus 4.7 generated code with codex
Do they define suites and swarms of sub agents or use agents markdown and agent skills?
We are on a mission to find out
First on the roster are Wes McKinney the creator of pandas
Jeremiah Lowin from prefect and Hilary Mason of hidden door along with a few more surprise guests
Join us to find out what all these token maxes are doing think excel world
Championships meets Eurovision see you all in the first episode
All right
Welcome everybody to our very first episode of show us your agent skills. So excited to be here today with a
Lot of old friends and familiar faces Thomas Vicky Randy Olson Jeremiah Lowin and Wes McKinney. What is up everybody?
Hello everybody
Hello, thanks for having
Thanks for sharing
That video of your workflow that we could put in the trailer as well. It's really great to see you in 90s 8-bit
side-scrolling glory, of course, yeah, I
Was a surprise, but I I enjoyed it. I showed it to quite a few people
So I even changed my github avatar. So thank you
Fantastic. All right. I'd love to welcome everyone. We've already got 30 people
Watching so thank you so much for joining everyone for our first episode
The the real motivation was here is where all agent maxing at 3 a.m
Just surrounded by glowing lights that it feels like, you know, we're alone in Times Square at 3 a.m
Building and we want to we want to share what everyone's working on and what everyone's
Doing and not always, you know, the hottest shiniest workflows, but things that are really impactful for everyone to that end
Feel free to ask questions in the chat
We're doing in discord so that we can continue the conversation afterwards YouTube live chats are ephemeral
But agents are forever as we know
So, please join the discord to show us your agent skills channel. Also
Please like and subscribe if you like this type of stuff
And leave a comment if you do if you don't like it, don't leave a comment
It's really easy to not do that. You would think check out our luma calendar and our substack as well
And we've linked to a github repository in the description where we're going to start putting stuff from the live stream
So, please start that share it with friends
and Thomas and I one of the reasons we we started working on this is we're building an
agentic data science course and started sharing stuff with each other and
Wanted to share those things more publicly and the link to that is in the YouTube description as well
So without further ado, I would love just to
To jump in
Maybe first I'll do a brief introduction for everyone and then we'll
Get into it. Oh, yeah, please say hi in discord
Let us know who you are and what you're up to and what you're interested in such things is
Where's McKinney a man who perhaps needs no introduction at all is an entrepreneur and software developer
focusing on many things including analytical computing
famously
Wrote a bunch of the beginnings of pandas surrounded by rats in the East Village
Small apartment there mistake me if I'm correct if I'm incorrect
Correct me if I'm mistaken his greatest work yet, though is spicy takes org, which we're going to look at today. We have
Jeremiah the
Lowent the founder and CEO of prefect where they've been building
Since the before times as well some of those popular tools for managing managing data and AI workflows, and I still have my
Prefect rubber. I actually have to prefect rubber duckies that Jeremiah sent me during the pandemic
Jeremiah is also a strategic advisor to Spotify positive some OSV
global ambassador of
Compass coffee among other things and we have the one the only
Randy Olson co-founder and CTO of good eye labs pointing frontier AI models at lots of like solving a lot of
business problems today
Longtime AI ML researcher been building AI, you know for 15 to 20 years first one of the first podcast
I ever did was with you about teapot back in the day
But Randy is a date of his legend and longtime moderator of the subreddit on data visualization
as well
so
Without further ado, that's definitely enough out of me. I wonder where's if we just want to jump in
Sure and
I do we have a little thing we want to do which is ask everyone three questions before before we dive in and the questions
Are what do you love most about working with agents?
I
Guess not having to write code anymore. I
Didn't like I'm somebody I've loved I love writing code and I wrote, you know
An enormous amount of code over the last 20 20 plus years
But I didn't expect that like not writing code would be such, you know
Such a relief and I think mainly like I think what's nice is that it relieved me from it has relieved me from like the
things that I didn't like about software engineering like a lot of the boilerplate and like TDM that's involved with like
building and delivering software projects
Beautiful. I can relate to that a lot. I'm actually someone who's never
enjoyed
writing code so much
especially
I
Mean it caused me to have like a little bit of like a personal identity crisis last year
But I was probably a lot of people but it's all good. Now. I'm good. So just last year
I was gonna say far out
I was kind of tuned out of I was kind of tuned out of LLMs for for like all of 2023 and 2020 24
I was just like F this and
Yeah, so that explains that explains why you have this resurgence now, you're making up for lost time. Yes
Like they weren't solving a they weren't solving they weren't like they weren't that good. Yeah, they weren't that good
What do you find most frustrating about working with
They they don't they don't listen like they lie
You know, they they make the same mistakes over and over again
You know, yeah, just the ignoring instructions and and the occasional stupidity
which I I think is sometimes the result of like, you know, there's lots of conspiracies about the AI labs quantizing and
Doing things to try to you know
Get more capacity out of their existing GPU clusters and in in the process of dumbed down, you know
the models and so you never know like
Each day you wake up and you you fire up cloud codes like what what kind of cloud am I gonna get today?
Is it gonna be smart cloud or dumb cloud and a lot of days? It's dumb cloud and that's that's pretty annoying
without a doubt and diamonds like
Sometimes I'm trying to do something simple and it will bamboozle or discombobulate for seven to eight minutes then come out with with
Nonsense third and final question for now if all AI agent conversations somehow got leaked to the public
What would you be most concerned about your conversations becoming public?
I
Mean
Mostly, I mean mostly like, you know, the like private personal projects
You know that I work on like becoming public not that there's anything like not that there's anything like so crazy
but just more of like it would expose a lot of private details of like, you know, my personal life and
You know projects that I built for myself that are like, you know
Projects that I built for myself that are like, you know
Just contain a lot of like non-public information about you know, things that I don't publish on the internet
Basically, nothing bad, but just like stuff that I wouldn't want published on the internet
Well, you may be one of the only people who has nothing bad bad in there
Yeah, your questions must be were less embarrassing than what I put into a when I told Thomas
I was like we should ask this question. Well, yeah, I guess
Yeah, I think having having all of my cloud that AI or my chat GPT sessions
Public, you know that that's like, you know, that's another matter since like, yeah
We I guess people people people ask everything about that, you know health issues and you know, all kinds of things
I'll just delete my LinkedIn. Yeah, exactly
I thought that's why you've moved to New Zealand Thomas is to get off the grid for the upcoming
agentic leak
That's right exactly that uncle Elon as was alerted me to his new name and uncle Peter Thiel are about to perform
Enough out of me where's well, you know, I mean, you know Claude is now running on grok data center
So, you know, maybe maybe maybe coming sooner. So just well he he who controls the flops controls
Etc. But yeah, there's a not-so-distant future in which like we're all like just paid in flops by agents, too
And we'll probably be like paid in like shit flops half the time
So we'll see what you know, the the oncoming currencies are. Yeah. All right
So yeah, you want me to you want me to take it away here? I can kind of yeah
reveal
Reveal my reveal my stack
Well, first of all, I've been building a lot of stuff with AI the last six months or so,
probably generated on the order of a million lines of code across like a dozen projects or so.
It's a lot of, it's been a lot of work.
It's been some serious projects.
Like, let me, let me share my screen here, which is like a little more fun here.
I think I'm not showing anything super, super weird on my screen.
So, um, yeah, as, as, uh, Hugo mentioned, like one of my fun things that I made
is this website called spicy takes.org, which I recommend to everyone, um,
trying to solve the problem that like, people don't have time to read blog
posts anymore, and I actually really like reading blog posts.
And so I.
I made a system using AI, of course, to summarize and pull the spiciest
quotes out of 11,773 blog posts across 34 different blogs from
people that I follow online.
And so you can go here and read Martin Fowler's, you know, takes on this
mythical man month just published this week.
Not very spicy.
John Gruber, Armin Ronecker increasingly has been quite, quite spicy.
If we look at like Joe Rice, why token maxing is for fools, a rant on fake
productivity.
So lots of fun stuff to check out there.
Speaking of which I am quite the token maxer myself.
I, this is like one token maxing leaderboard.
And so in the last seven days, like I've averaged something like, I don't know.
I see if I can do math like 1.3, 1.4 billion tokens per day.
So I'm, I'm burning quite a lot of tokens.
So I wanted to explain a little bit of my setup and how exactly I'm doing that and
maybe try to do some stuff in the terminal if we have time.
But I like this, I'm working on a talk for that I'm giving next week in San
Francisco at AI council.
So I'll give a little bit of a preview of that.
But Jesse Vincent, who created the very popular superpowers skills framework has
this quote, which he gave me permission to use, which is the difference between vibe
coding and agentic engineering is planning architecture and caring about the output.
And so essentially I've been building systems to do agentic engineering and not just
vibe coding.
I think when I started out, it was just like, okay, I'm going to open cloud code in the
terminal and type prompts and see what happens.
And at a certain point you're like, wait, okay, this is not creating things that are
good.
Like I can look at the, I can look at the output, I can run the code, I can see if it
makes sense, but like, how do we, how do we manage all of this at scale?
Like if you, if you work on six projects in parallel, like how do you keep, keep the
train, you know, from, uh, you know, crashing into the side of a mountain or whatever the
right, right metaphor is.
Um, but you know, my modern productivity stack, my agentic productivity stack, um,
basically centers around the superpower skills framework, which is created by, created
by Jesse.
And then over the last six months, like I've been building a series of.
agentic engineering projects, which solve like peripheral problems that are
associated with developing lots of projects in parallel and wanting to be
able to have observability of what all the agents are doing, as well as quality
assurance on the work that they're producing.
And then to be able to like manage the development pipeline, essentially,
like how do you observe the software factory that you're, you're producing.
And then, you know, more recently I've even gotten into like more project
like granular project management and issue tracking after being, you know,
burned by beads and having beads destroy some of my, my Git repositories very
annoyingly, I hear that it's gotten better.
Like when, now that it's on dolt, like it's gotten a lot, it's gotten a lot
better.
But, but yeah, it's so I'll kind of give you a brief, you know, view of, of those
things.
And so a lot of this stuff runs in the, you know, runs in the terminal, like I'm
going to launch a clod and I got to do something.
Can you just zoom in a bit to the terminal?
Yeah.
Give me a, give me a minute here.
It's got to sort out the 12, 12 terminals there.
Yeah, I do.
Relatable.
I've never been able to figure out those like multi terminals in one.
I always just do tabs and I term and that's like, that feels relatively the
same for me.
At some point I became very comfortable with the, with the like split, I guess
split vertically and that's all I can handle.
And then it's, I know when I run out of vertical paints, I, then it's a new tab.
Yeah.
The whole horizontal, I can't, my brain doesn't handle it.
All right.
Let me, I'm trying to, all right.
Get back to share my screen.
I'm trying to make the, I'm trying to make the terminals a little bigger here.
Maybe I'll get, have like fewer terminals here since, okay.
So I'll make this bigger here.
All right.
See, I'm not very good at, not very good at ghosty.
We're telescoping.
All right.
So, so very briefly, I don't have, you know, great time to go into all these
things, but so I built a system called RoboRev, which is a daemon that runs in
the background that reviews all of the code that your agents generate.
And so like I created this, show me your agent skills repository here.
I run RoboRev in it to add post commit hooks to to this repository.
And so now like whenever the agents commit and I asked my agents to commit
every turn, like that's a hard rule that's in all of my, you know,
cloud.md or agents.md.
Like I use both I use both codecs and, and cloud to do to do, to do development.
Although I built this little macOS widget, which shows my work over the last 30 days.
And you can see I'm about like three quarters cloud code and one quarter codecs.
And if I were paying, you know, API rates I'd be paying about, you know,
$21,000 a month tokens.
I do pay less than that on account of subsidized tokens from the lab.
So thank you very much, Sam Altman, Dario Amadai.
So RoboRev is it's a, it's a terminal UI.
And so basically, you know, whenever, you know, we, you know, create,
and if we create a readme and commit it in this repository, I'll do that.
So we can see it, see it commit and see what, see what happens.
But the idea is that agents generate code.
It gets committed when the turn is over, or while the superpowers plan is
implementing, you might have lots of commits and those go to get all reviewed
in the background.
And then you can ask, you know, the agents while they're implementing or while
they're executing to, you know, while they're implementing to periodically
invoke the RoboRev fix skill, which picks up the code reviews that have been
running asynchronously in the background, fixes them, and it, it fixes them and
then apply, and then the skill applies the, applies the fixes.
And the idea of the system is that it's a, it's a, you can see here, there's a
commit that was generated by, by the agent.
It was a minimal readme placeholder.
So there's really nothing, you know, nothing to, to review.
But, you know, I can close that review and then that's hidden from the RoboRev queue.
So if I hit H to unhide the closed reviews, H hides the, the closed reviews.
And so, you know, we could ask the agent while we're, you know, kind of looking
at this to do something trivial, like, Hey, I want to make, to make a simple
dashboard showing, um, frequency of recent spicy takes on the spicy, spicy
takes to org repository, just stand up something simple, commit frequently,
use standard tools, make no mistakes.
Yeah, of course.
Don't lie.
Right.
Exactly.
Yeah.
One quick question with last time we spoke, you mentioned, I think you were
writing a lot of code with Opus, I think probably then 4.5 and getting GPT 5.2 or
whatever it was to do the reviews.
Is that, is that still your main?
Yeah.
So, so here like the, you see codex to the review.
So if we look at the review prompt, you can see that it's an, it's using codex
with codex exec, uh, GPT 5.5 model reasoning X high with this prompt, like
you're a code reviewer, here's like the review prompt and it inlines the code
change.
And I found that the codex is like the strongest code reviewer, um, out there,
at least GPT 5.5.
The model specifically is the strongest code reviewer out there.
Um, and, um, so basically I'll let this, we'll let this grind.
Um, and anyway, so RoboRev is nice because you had this ledger of code review
feedback that, um, that you need to, you need to address.
And so you have to explicitly like close reviews or when you invoke the, if, if
you, sure, if you invoke the RoboRef fix skill, it will look in the ledger, pick
up all the open reviews, fix them, and then commit the fixes.
Um, sure.
Okay.
And, um, so the next project in my stack, uh, that I created is called AgentsView.
So basically it's a fancy agent session database that provides full tech search,
um, analytics on all your agent sessions.
So you can find stuff in previous sessions as well as get like information
about your information about your token use.
Um, I'm not going to pull up my AgentsView because it has, it has data
from a number of projects that I don't want to show on the live stream.
Um, but it is, it is super useful.
And, um, if you, yeah, so if you look at, uh, you know, look at the website,
it supports a ton of agents.
It's got like a nice web application.
It's got a desktop application.
So you can see here, we're seeing the, uh, superpowers, um,
superpowers, uh, spec interview.
And so like a lot of my processes, like I work on four or five projects during the
day, I'll run parallel spec interviews with superpowers.
And so I'll be bouncing, you know, in different, different terminals, which
are all on my, you know, large monitor.
Um, I'll just participate in these spec interviews, build, build the
implementation spec with superpowers and that Senate implementing.
And then once it's done implementing, um, I will invoke the RoboRef fix to
address like all of the code quality problems that have accumulated for very
large plans.
I'll have, I'll ask, um, the, uh, superpowers, uh, implementation skill
called sub-agent driven development to invoke the RoboRef fixed skill, like
every five tasks so that it will pause and then address code review feedback
that is piled up while it's implementing.
And I I've implemented superpower specs that run like 45 tasks and might take
like, I had one that ran for 14 hours without stopping.
Um, and so that's, you know, you can imagine like 14 hours of code generation.
That's a lot of like code to review and code that code review
issues that, that, that pile up.
Um, so I will say sure and go back here.
Um, so definitely check this out.
Uh, another project that we're building, which is a little bit newer and I
haven't been advertising that much is like, it's called middleman.
It's basically a fancy local GitHub dashboard because let's face it, like
GitHub is dying and slow and painful to use, and it's also difficult to get a
single pane of glass across all of your projects.
And so this has, so middleman has a threaded activity view, which if you've
ever been a maintainer on open source projects, it's just a godsend to be able
at a glance, see like all the activity, the pushes, the review, you know,
comments, the commits that are happening on different pull requests without
having to like go to visit the pull request on GitHub.
And you can see that I've set up RoboRev as a CI reviewer on a lot of these pull
requests.
And so you can see, you know, contributor working on this project force push.
Here's a RoboRev review, force push, another review, and you can even take
these reviews and then fold them right back into your agent session.
Um, and so you can see here, this, uh, superpowers has written a spec for this
spicy takes dashboard design, and I'm asking it to go ahead and write the plan.
So we'll see it in action.
And while it's been working down here, you can see that, that RoboRev has been
dutifully, uh, reviewing the code that's being generated by the agent, which right
now is just specs, but it does provide feedback on the specs.
Um, and so in here, you know, you can actually, you can directly, um, you can
directly merge pull requests.
So here's a pull request that I created a little bit time ago.
I don't even have to go to GitHub.
I can just, I can just merge it from here, no problem.
And that disappears from my activity feed.
So, uh, to be able to like do development and not have to go to
GitHub and deal with their like flaky masses is pretty great.
Um, also the fact that like people get has always been kind of tough in a little
ways, and the fact that it is something agents are really good at for the most
part, you got to be careful with a few things, but like 95% of the patterns
you'll need agents can do, and you don't need to worry too much about it.
Yeah.
I mean, and we've, you know, in here, like we've implemented a diff viewer and,
uh, you know, we've got like a repository dashboard, which shows like,
you know, statistics about different projects that we're working on.
You can browse like all the pull requests, you know, for different
projects, clicking around is instantly.
One thing that's kind of nice is that the activity is shown in
reverse chronological order.
Like the new activity is at the top of the pull request, which, you know, it
seems kind of obvious to me that like, I think, uh, the joke is that, you know,
GitHub is in leagues with a big scroll.
Like they just really want you to have to scroll to the bottom of a pull request
with like a hundred comments, you know, every time you click around GitHub.
So we put the, we put the recent activity at the top so you could see
what's going on, uh, at a glance without having to scroll a bunch.
Um, another project I've been using, I built recently, um, as I got frustrated
with beads and with GitHub issues.
And so I wanted a local, uh, issue tracker for, uh, for my project.
So, you know, here I can run Kata in it and this project, and then, um, I have a
terminal issue tracker, um, for, for, uh, for this show me your agent skills
repository, there's no issues in here right now.
Um, but I can ask the agent to, you know, read, read, uh, Kata, Kata quick
start, which explains, um, how to use, how to use Kata and how to create issues.
So you can kind of think of it as like a local replacement for, for beads.
That's like a lot, a lot simpler and like not, you know, it doesn't create a lot of
complexity, um, you know, for, um, you know, using your, having your agents keep
track of things in a, in a, in a local issue tracker, um,
I do also use a terminal workspace manager called Superset, which, you know, it's a third-party tool, it creates Git work trees, they're...
I've got superset over here.
It, you know, basically, you know, for all my projects,
I can flip between different get work trees,
different projects that I'm working on.
So every get work tree has a stack of terminals.
And so typically my typical stack is I have
Cloud Code and or Codex and Robo Rev
basically running on in every get work tree.
And so I can flip back and forth and say, okay,
what still needs to be done here?
Like, okay, there's two failing issues
that need to be addressed in this work tree.
And so, you know, basically up here,
like I can invoke the fixed skill
and have those issues fixed.
So we'll check in.
Still writing the plan.
One of the, you know, the pros and cons of superpowers
is it generates amazing software,
but it also takes a long time to generate
very detailed implementation plans.
And I think the idea is that it doesn't really trust
leaving that much up to the,
up to the agent in terms of making decisions
about what, how to implement things.
So it tries to figure all that out up front
and review it before handing things off
to a bunch of sub-agents to implement different stages
of the project.
I've got a quick question.
I mean, one thing you said you loved about agents
is you don't, you don't really have to write code anymore.
How much code do you read?
And how much do you think you'll be reading in five years?
I almost don't read code now.
I, I, essentially my approach with,
my approach with RoboRev is like,
I, it's like my code reader.
So like the mantra is like RoboRev reads every line of code
that reads every line of code that, that is generated.
And so, and it gets read multiple times.
And so like whenever I push up a pull request,
the branch gets re-reviewed.
And so by the time I'm merging a pull request
into, into, into a repository,
like the code has all been read by agents
like four or five times, like minimum.
And so like I look at the code in terms of like
structural detail, like does it look right?
Like is it too complex?
Does it need to be simplified?
Like does it have scope creep that's inappropriate?
Like I ask all those types of questions
and often will like pose those questions to the agent.
But I'm pretty, I'm pretty in the loop.
Like I'm very engaged and like,
like what does the software do?
Like is it doing the right thing?
Is it doing too much?
Does it need to be paired back?
Like is it, you know,
because sometimes the agents will go off the rails
and build something that's completely inappropriate.
And so then, you know, you have to, you have to nuke that.
But, but yeah, I, you know, most of my,
most of my process is I'll, you know, while this,
let me go back to my screen share.
And so I just wanted to show kind of
what superpowers looks like.
I'm gonna set it to work with sub-agent driven execution.
You know, this, this implementation might take a good another,
you know, another, another 20 or 30 minutes.
I guess I can stay on the,
stay on the call or, or, or I have to,
I have to move locations.
And so I'll drop back in on the, on the call.
And maybe I can show off the,
the dashboard a little later in the call,
but it'll take a good, you know,
my guess 20 or 30 minutes to implement this execution plan.
But, you know, all the while, you know,
all the while down here, you know,
RoboRev is reviewing the code.
And so I think that it isn't perfect,
but it does, it does catch.
You can see there's like seven tasks in this plan.
And so it does, it does catch quite a lot of,
quite a lot of like the most serious issues
and certainly from like a, like a code correctness standpoint
and like, you know, feeling sleeping,
sleeping well at night.
I'm shipping a lot of code,
like a million lines of code in six months is a lot of code,
but I've been burning a tremendous amount of tokens
to make sure that it's reviewed very thoroughly.
And, you know, so far so good.
I'm thinking about ideas for like
how I could turn this into more of an automated software factory
and like build even more software.
But the trouble is that I'm bandwidth limited
in terms of like my ability to make decisions throughout the day.
And so I feel like I'm already in all these spec interviews,
like I'm already, you know, at my decision making bandwidth,
like I can't make any more decisions.
It's like, don't ask me another question.
I can't make another decision today.
So, yeah.
So a question with that is, I mean,
we are seeing decision making or judgment
being transformed into intelligence
at a pretty interesting pace, I think.
So one, it's a silly example,
but I think it's telling auto mode on Claude code
where it will now, you can put in auto mode,
for those who don't know,
where it will like accept certain right things.
It won't accept like delete things,
RM, RF, what, these types of things, right?
And remember, we used to have to sit there,
maybe some of us still do and be like,
accept, accept, accept,
or do the YOLO mode where you might get everything deleted.
So this is something that previously was judgment
and we had to make decisions.
And now it's, because we have training data,
these types of things, it's incorporated into intelligence.
So I'm wondering how we can supercharge this process.
I mean, myself, like I'm just,
I'm just YOLO mode all the time.
And so like, I'm just, you know,
I basically, my approach is like backup,
like try not to store too much sensitive data
in my home directory, like that,
you know, that kind of stuff.
But, you know, the trouble is like, you know,
SSH keys and like, you know, it's,
it's we're all just like, you know,
walking honeypots with our agent sessions.
So I think it's, it's sort of this like balance
between like, do you want to be productive
or do you, do you want to be safe?
And like, I think right now, like,
I think to be maximally productive with agents
requires you to be like a little bit unsafe.
And at some point we'll figure out a way to make the,
like make the sandboxing work in a way that's like,
you know, ergonomic.
And I think it's, it's still like,
the number of agents sandboxing projects out there
is pretty, it's, it's pretty intense.
And so, yeah, it's, it's going to take a,
you know, take some time to figure that out.
And in the meantime, I'm just kind of, you know,
praying to the, praying to the token gods
to like be, be kind to me,
like let, let me not be prompt injected.
And, you know, that, that being said,
like supply chain attacks are also a big problem.
And so, you know, yeah, it's just, it's, it's, it's a,
and I think as the agents get more sophisticated
in the, in the nature of like the security attacks
get more sophisticated, that's like even more of a problem.
But anyway, so I will, I will see,
I will yield, yield, yield the floor to the,
to the next, to the next guest,
but I appreciate you all listening and yeah,
I look forward to seeing you all in the token mines.
All praise be unto the token gods.
We need a token god totem.
Before you leave, I know you'll pop back in a bit
and you've got family dinner, but I do,
we did create...
Agents, skills, show?
But that isn't my technology, man.
Well, okay.
Let's try that again.
We did create another little video using CDAS.
So pretty good summary of what we just saw.
Exactly.
Thank you for coming out of the token mines
and bringing your, your AI lasers to the streets
to help us battle all the agentic systems
we're working with as well.
And do feel free to pop back and show us.
Of course, of course I will.
Yeah, but appreciate you, man.
And lots of people in the chat saying loved it and thank you.
And so now we're going to have Jeremiah,
who Thomas will introduce again in a second.
I will just remind everyone, if you've just joined,
come and chat with us in Discord
so we can continue the conversation afterwards.
Links in the description.
Share with a friend, hit like and subscribe,
all of those things.
But before we introduce Jeremiah,
I think the best introduction for Jeremiah is to...
Yeah, I love that.
Yeah, that's from the practice session
we had with Jeremiah the other day.
So that's what we're looking forward to.
That was actual footage of the session.
Exactly.
I'm hoping these are real video games
that we can play after this, right?
Yeah, they better be.
It's funny that you mentioned that.
We'll get back to that later,
but it's not actually out of the question.
Okay.
Yeah.
Well, very excited to welcome Jeremiah.
I think we met like over 10 years ago
at an amazing startup called Quantopian in Boston.
And already back then, I remember we talked about
the sorry state of data pipelining and orchestration.
And then, of course, you went ahead
and actually fixed it with Prefect
and built like an amazing company around that.
And now also with FastMCP,
I think just made MCP usable for the first time.
And Verizon, which I'm very excited about.
So yeah, welcome to the show.
Very excited to have you.
Thank you, Thomas.
So good to be here.
And yeah, so we have our usual questions
that we start out with.
What do you love most about working with AI agents?
You know, I thought about this, right?
Because it feels too obvious to be like the productivity gains.
And I think Wes has already covered
a more interesting second answer.
For me, what it is, is I use it as like a second brain.
And so I have big expectations about the information
that I put in at a moment coming back out later.
And so this is one of the reasons
that I use an open call, for example,
so that I can go muck around with its memory
in a way that works for me.
I don't know if my way would work for anyone else.
I think that's kind of a theme
of what I want to talk about today.
It's sort of like custom software,
just-in-time software, something like that.
But I use it, and I prefer to use it
because while I'll go into Claude or ChatGPT
as a very convenient and especially sometimes mobile
like way to answer a question
or way to investigate something.
Most of the real things I want to know about or work on, I have trickled information in
over weeks or months and, you know, I have this idea and I want to spill it in.
And so I sort of started prepping for this like years ago.
I started recording my meetings, which I think many of us do now, but the thing that I do
that I think folks are still surprised by, but it's very important to me, is I record
a voice memo almost every morning of what I'm thinking about, what I want to do.
You know, if I'm driving to my office and dropping off kids at school, I got like 30
minutes in the car.
And so I kind of tee up my day.
When I'm working from home, it's a much shorter voice memo, but I kind of tee up my day and
I put that in.
And that's sort of, in a previous era of LLMs, I'd be like, that's my system prompt for the
day.
And it kind of affects everything.
Now with more modern memory systems, it's sort of this update on like what I've accomplished
that might be out of sight for my agents.
And that's been a huge unlock for me and it's been a really valuable habit to fall into
because I'd love to tell you that like, ah, this meeting, I put it in and now I know everything.
But the truth is, it'll be like I'm walking down the street and I'm like, oh, here's an
idea.
Oh, we should name it that.
Oh, we should do this.
And that can go in, if not in the moment, it can go into sort of this, I prefer to do
in the morning, maybe I would do it in the evening.
And now I've like teed up my agents.
And so that's huge.
That's what I really love is just pouring information in and then working to get it
out.
And that's sent me on down all kinds of rabbit holes around like memory systems and knowledge
and retrieval and all this other nonsense that I don't know if we'll have time to get
into.
But there's a long answer for you.
Yeah.
And I completely agree, like having the context and then the ability to pull all these different
threads together is a superpower.
I remember when GP Pulse came out, which like gave you like a morning brief about like
all the different things and just like did all that research.
And I thought that was like a really interesting idea.
On that note, I do just want to out mean the way OpenClaw does this, right? It's a cron job
and using generative AI and the types of workflows we've had previously,
like it's incredibly powerful. As I always half joke, there's a reason Dr. Dre called his album
The Chronic and it's cron jobs. Please, next question. I'm sorry and I'm not sorry.
So then obviously, we all are fans of AI, but we all know the frustrations of it all too well.
So what have been your pet peeves? I have a particular one that I think goes beyond the
mainstream hatred of the things that it does, which we'll get into in a moment when we talk
about my workflow and stuff. But when you maintain open source software, but when you build software
software that's a framework in particular, how you take modifications into that software and
contributions to that software, in my opinion, very different than how you take contributions
into like an application or something that does a thing, right? Framework is for building
applications and then we have applications. And the way agents review code, for whatever reason,
seems to have a bias that the PR should be accepted. And if only you change these things,
it will be accepted. And this is the wrong approach for a framework. Framework should
not be modified unless whatever's coming in is so overwhelmingly useful to an overwhelming majority
of users that the framework should take it on. And so I live this with Prefect. I'm living it
now even more with FastMCP, which is a great framework, but people are doing a lot of things
with it. And frankly, they're doing a lot of really cool things with it that don't belong
in the framework itself. And so we get a lot of PRs, which are like, oh, it should do this
thing that is useful to me. And I agree it is useful. It is cool, but I don't want it to go
in the framework. And so this has been a real problem with deploying agents to review the code
is this thing will come in and the codes for fantastic, but what it does is not something
that belongs in the larger framework. And the agent will be like, if you just do these two
things, I will accept this. And I'm like, no, this is rejected on its face. And I wrote a blog
post about this that somehow climbed the hacker news ladder and had a surprisingly positive
reception where I think it was called an open source, an open, I should have called it up for
this talk. I'll get it up for when we share, but it's called an open source maintainer's guide to
saying no. And it was like, this is hard enough when code was expensive to write. And so the
act of writing and contributing code was sort of the admission ticket to interacting with a
maintainer. Now that code is so cheap and it's just kind of getting lobbed over, there's this
real imbalance as a maintainer, which you feel and you don't want to take out on the contributors
just to be clear. But how do you say no to something that is technically good, but not
aligned with the purpose of your framework? So agents turn out to be really bad at that.
And that's become, that drives me nuts. That's a great post and I'll just link to it in the
Discord. And everyone should check out Jeremiah's everything on his blog called Mostly Harmless,
Truly Artificial Intelligence. I did message Jeremiah earlier that probably should change
the name these days to Mostly Harness. I meant to do it just for you, Hugo, before this,
but I ran out of time. I quite like this movement towards saying don't send PRs anymore,
send issues. Because code gets stale so fast, right? Yeah. Thomas, I don't know if you want to
give me my last question, but I will cue that up, Randy, because I wanted to talk about that,
actually. Oh yeah, let's just jump right in. No, the last question is the best one.
All right, well, then we got to ask. It's the worst answer I have. If your agent skills got
leaked, what would you be most concerned about? I mean, it's the same second brain that I love
so much. It's all there, right? All my deepest and darkest fears and how I hate spiders and all
that is probably in the brain of this thing. And I don't want folks to know about that.
So that's, I mean, I think it speaks to how prevalent these things are right now,
that I almost think that's the most boring question. Because it's everything. It's worse
than my internet history, right? Yeah, exactly. Let me... While you're bringing that up, I'll ask
you a follow up. As you hate spiders, you know, in Australia, we have a lot of poisonous spiders.
Thomas is in New Zealand where they have a lot of spiders, none of which are poisonous.
I don't know which I prefer. Yeah. Yeah. Size of spiders is one of the reasons that as much as I
want to come visit you, I have never. I want anything to do with spiders. We'll get you here one day.
Yeah, please don't. Prank me any other way and I might actually die on the spot.
Here we... Okay. So I'm bringing up my screen. Here we are in the FastMCP repo. And Randy,
because you asked about it, I want to give a lot of credit for this to Bill Easton, who is
one of the maintainers of FastMCP, who wrote a blog post, which is literally like
shut down PRs. We do not accept PRs. And we didn't go quite that far,
but I think we wrote this contributing doc a couple of months ago. And this is kind of the
headline. The best contribution is a great issue. And Bill and I did a FastMCP maintainers podcast
about a month ago, and we were talking about this. And he was like, provokingly, he was like,
how dare you say your agent is better than my agent at actually doing this? Why is it that
my cloud implements the MRE and the issue better than your cloud opening the PR? And I think that's
where some of what you guys want to talk about on this show that's clearly nakedly just about
stealing people's agent skills, but we're cool with that. That's okay. Why is it? What skills
have I put in? What biases have I put into it? And I think the funny thing is not that much,
but just enough that it's stylistically aligned in a way that's going to make it easy to maintain
the code later. And I think folks forget about the importance of the maintenance of this stuff.
So let me see, where should I take you? There's a lot of skills that I use
in particular to work on FastMCP, where I'm the core maintainer,
which are hard to show. So let's talk through that. My workflow here is extremely agent-driven,
but as I said, I don't like how the agents actually interact with a lot of the contributions
and stuff. So my workflow is surprisingly manual on FastMCP. I will spin up agents to both write
my code and review others' code, but ultimately I will step in and I will look at it and I will
work on it. And it's probably a lot slower than it would be otherwise, but I
keep wishing for an agent that won't make this sentence true, but the code is a lot better off,
the code base is a lot better off as a result. And as a sole maintainer who does not yet trust
an army of agents to do this, I kind of need that. I kind of rely on that. And this is one of those
just like affirmative, you should see the things that the agents have tried to sneak into this
code base. So that's a real trade-off. And one of the skills that I value most, because I operate
massively in parallel in this hybrid agent-human workflow, is I wrote this explain skill that I
think I made public at some point, but if I didn't, we'll do it under the banner of this
podcast. And there's nothing grand about this skill. This is not like the superpowers collection
that Wes was talking about a moment ago. This is a minor, stupid, natural language prompt for the
agent. And as far as I can tell, it's like, I don't know, agent-driven, but it's not like
a skill. It's like, I don't know, 80 lines long, but as far as I can tell, there's only one sentence
that actually matters in it. And it's been in every version of the skill. And it says,
talk to me like you're explaining this to your colleague who knows about your project,
but wants to understand what you just did. And that sentence changes the tenor, because I'm
running 10 different agents on 10 different things over 10 different timeframes, and I'm cracking
over my laptop with a coffee, and I'm like, what's this one? And if I just ask, what are we
doing here? It'll be like, oh, well, we renamed this variable on this line to do this. And that's
no good. And if I step back and I'm like, well, what does this code do? I'll get an explanation
of the code, but not the change we're making. And so this skill, with that key sentence in it,
ends up giving me the right mental model of not just grounding in the broad, but what are
we up to here in a necessarily technical, but not overly verbose way. And so this skill has
has become my workhorse. I reference this skill.
Jeremiah, just making sure you are meaning to show the fast MCP GitHub screen.
Yes. I was just trying to load up the skill. Sorry. I know I'm talking about something else,
but I was trying to call it up here. Maybe I can, while I'm talking, I'm trying to get it up.
Here it is. Will this show? No, it won't, because I'm showing a window. Okay.
Forget it. It's too complicated to show a screen. I'll share it later.
But this has become my workhorse. It is referenced in every other skill I have. It's like,
use your explain skill to do this. Use your explain skill to post a reply. Use your explain
skill to do this. So I think of all the skills I have, it's the one that I probably couldn't do
without. The second most common one I use is... I wonder if I can just change what I'm sharing.
Hang on one sec. I thought I was sharing my whole screen, but apparently...
And while you're changing that, I suppose, I mean, a lot of people are insiders here,
but a lot of early agentic users or people who do a bunch still ask me, when do I use skills and
when do I use MCP servers and that type of stuff? And I often like to think of MCP as when you want
to solve distribution problems, essentially, and serve data or certain types of tools to
other people. But as someone who works so deeply with both these things,
I'd be interested in your thoughts. Yeah. So skills are awesome ways to give,
to steer behavior. They go in to the agent's brain in the exact same way that a message from you does.
And so they're phenomenal ways to steer behavior. MCPs are great ways to distribute business logic
from a central place. And so obviously, this leads into the MCP versus CLI style debate.
Which I think is stupid, if you're an individual, use whichever one you prefer.
And non-starter, if you're an enterprise, we're not installing a bunch of CLIs on people's machines.
We never have. We never will. It's a nightmare. We're going to distribute the business logic
centrally. So I find that debate to be kind of uninteresting. And I think the popularity of it,
or the prevalence of it, speaks to this interesting problem in MCP land, where
most people think of MCP as a way for companies to reach their customers.
It's for reaching out to third parties and fanning out. And I will tell you that overwhelmingly,
the use case for MCP is distributing internal business logic to internal teams in enterprises.
And so you have this real representation where the MCP versus CLI debate to most users of MCP
is insane. It's just, we don't talk that way. But for the average person who knows what MCP is,
and probably uses it in their IDE, in their open call, or something like that,
the representative use case is actually using something like the GitHub MCP server,
where it is a third party relationship. And this debate over CLI actually makes a lot of sense when
you're one user deciding how you want to access that. So that's my soapbox. I'll put it back now.
I love it. And can you talk us through your skill now? This is the first time in this session
we're looking at an agent skill. And some people may not have even seen agent skills like this.
So maybe you can talk us through the markdown and the idea of progressive disclosure and what
happens when an agent looks at this. Let's do a little anatomy of a skill,
and then I'm going to leave some intentional mystery. So Randy has a lot of interesting
things to talk about. Or Randy, just jump in. We'll do this together. Whatever you want to do here.
Skills are shockingly simple for how effective they are. They have two front matter. A name,
that's really important. That's how you invoke it. And a description. And the description is
going to always be seen by the agent. The rest of it, and this is I think the genius thing about
skills, why they're not just canned prompts. Everything down here is only seen by the agent
if and when it decides to invoke the skill.
So your description actually really matters and that's why a lot of skills you'll see this very clear
Instruction of when to use this because there is a tool call in a sense to load the skill and see all the rest of it
but that progressive disclosure as you just said a moment ago you is the
Magic of skills so you can have tons and tons of skills that are all shown as these little tiny
Descriptions and then the agents like I need this skill
The downside if you will is that while a skill can tell an agent what to do
And in fact more complicated skills zips can include scripts and other like actual business logic
So that there is a way to do that, but fundamentally the skill is natural language instruction
Masquerading as a work the way I like to talk is like it's a polite note to your agent and usually it does what the
skill says
And they've gotten a lot better as well, right like even six months ago
They like
skill agents and LLNs have gotten a lot better at interpreting descriptions than
They were even when you know I had our our moment last October
It's true, and and yet
I think a lot of times I have to say use your explain skill even when I say like explain this to me
It's not perfect
Maybe that should have been slash commands a lot as well for that
I'll do it and on and something else really lovely here with skills
I think you mentioned like you don't just throw everything in context and we're told we have like a million token context windows effective
Context windows are far smaller
so we still need to be mindful of our own we need to context engineer constantly as
Developers and users of AI agents and as you mentioned you can put anything there
I like you can even you know say if you need to do this
Use this MCP server or also involve the human in the loop ask ask the user, you know
Etc. Exactly. I I also love that you've included what not to do. So maybe you can talk us through. Yeah
Yeah, I mean this skill you can probably tell by reading it the skill itself at this point is MCP authored
It's MCP offered my god. It's late
LLM authored it has all the little telltale negative contrast and all of that
But it is I like to think of skills as living documents, which is one of the reasons that that it's nice
That they're on your machine, but there's also kind of makes distribution hard. So
My skills and this I opened some folder here. I don't even know what it is where I have, you know
20 odd skills in it. Most of these skills are
Changing as I I'm like, oh this didn't work. I think I have one here called github reply
Which is intended to try to make it
Respond in the way I like use my voice in a reply, which isn't because I'm trying to be
Like these are a little like annoying things like don't say great work followed by a rejection. That's confusing
This is like it's not because I'm trying to masquerade it as me
I'm usually pretty obvious if I'm using LM to draft the reply is because I think there's a right way to treat people
And the LM doesn't do it and this goes into that thing. I said before about how it does stuff
Say no close the PR
No, we have to politely say no
this is like probably my
the first skill I ever wrote
And the one I use the most
And gets me in more trouble, but I'm always like ship this
and
It's as you can see I say a lot here. It means open a PR. It does not mean merge the code
That's bad. It's bad. It's bad. It's bad. It's bad. It's bad
Does not mean merge the code that's bitten me a lot. Most elements think ship it means like merge it
That's not how I use it
Sorry for confusing a lot of folks this work tree stuff's probably
Hold over from when these things didn't know about that. You can see from the arguments here
This started as a as a slash command, but I
Why does this skill exist? It's not a useful skill. I haven't even read this skill in like a year
Probably it seems like a really stupid skill actually
But the reason it exists is because I want to write the words ship it and have the right outcome happen
And this skill is my bridge
To ensuring that and like that's how we use skills. Um, here's a skill for creating skills. I don't think I wrote this
Actually, I think I cobbled this together from a lot of things I found online
um
So this is how we make living documents. And so this skill is how to write an effective skill
I'm curious. I mean, there's a lot of things coming together, right one is um, github just uh
Being too easy to have huge prs, right that then you need to review or decline to um
as well as
Having your own preferences right of how you want things done
And I think it was peter steinberger who said that like in github repos
You would like to have not even a feature to like submit any prs but only prompts, right?
So and then like those prompts are easier to review and those kick off like uh code generation
Once you're happy with a prompt that actually then use your machinery and that creates the code that you
Have and uses your custom skills. You think that would be a good model?
Yeah, I I mean i'm i'm into i'm into personal software basically in the most true sense right and so
um
In a funny way, I think that's also resulting in very personal decisions of how you achieve that software
So you have your harness you've open cloud
Pie whatever you clawed whatever you want to use as your like base substrate and then the way people pile on functionality features customize it
skills
Is deeply personal and so you look at things like um claw hub, which is the skills repository for open claw
huge power law in popularity
In those skills, so a lot of people are using a small number of those skills
If you go look at them, like I ask my open call all the time like you want this skill
It's like no, this is garbage
I I already know that it doesn't affect my behavior
So I think there's a lot of work to do and how people acquire these customizations
But we'll see
Let me um, let me blitz through two things and then i'm going to yield
Some of my time these are two things that have been exciting to me in terms this this one i'm calling up because it's more
in randy's uh world
Uh, I I desperately wanted to create mcp apps
in python
And that meant I needed a python front-end framework that didn't require a back-end
Uh, which almost every one of them assumes is a very specific back-end, which we don't get here. We have an mcp server
and so
This started as like a mini project inside fast mcp and now has become its own thing as of a couple weeks ago
But what was cool is because of the same insight that mcp has this product market fit in enterprises
It means mcp apps also have product market fit as data dashboards and distributing information internally
and so we wrote this this is a python dsl that generates these
these
Generative interactive uis. This is sort of our our hero here and it's all python and it looks pretty bizarre
But this and like generative uis has become my new sort of spelunk
More than a side project not quite a career
um
All for the goal of building like interactive dashboards that can stream from an agent's brain and don't have to be hand-coded
So that's been super fun
um
And very open invitation here to come to come play and contribute and then this is
Well, can I just say i'm really excited about prefab too because I really think that like that is the future of where things
Are heading we're starting to see like clod pop-up interfaces right in the chat
You know and like even when it's developing things and it's scoping you can start
Putting a prototype right there like enabling that through mcp is
It's it's super cool my my team uses this for slides sometimes I think we even turned it into a theme and then someone um
Oh, I have to I have to find it here
uh
Hang on one second, let me find this here it is
And while jeremiah's bring that up I will say this is something we'll chat more a bit more
With you randy, but something we're kind of talking around is why we should be building
For agents as well as humans and everything we build for a browser should be headless as well
so andres who who works over at uh dbt labs, um
Published like a dashboards like overview I guess and included prefab in it and styled his prefab
This is one he made which I should have just brought up his website
But I I couldn't find the link at the moment. So I brought up my linkedin post about it that I just made
um
One is this like myspace theme and then the other was a windows
Theme and I just like love this and this is just like base prefab underneath
so I want to
Talk to andres literally I saw this three hours ago as you can see and I just want to talk to him make these like
Default themes in prefab. So that's been super fun on the like agentic
uh space and then
On the theme of custom software. This is another experiment of mine. This started a few months ago where
I wanted custom like slide software
um
Mostly because the way I give a talk like the speaker notes. I want them a different way
And so this I actually this is very live. This uh came off the agent presses last night. I haven't fully used it
So we're not going to fully use it yet
This is the latest version of a piece of software that I call cardboard which is for laying out my conference talks
as cards like on a board
And follows a vocabulary that i've developed
Purely for me like no one else should use it where I think of my talks as having acts and beats
And then within those beats
We have slides and so this this is the top of the cardboard where I lay out
um
These are the the five acts and then these are the beats
Oh, there's six acts I guess this was a keynote
I gave at the pie conference and then if we scroll down we get the actual slides which here are just mocks
But i'm working on the actual speaker notes, which for me always have this blue gray yellow and and pink
Which we don't need to go into format. And so this is like my custom slide software and then this turns into
the deck
which
The images are broken, but if we bring up the speaker notes for it, they all carry over in that same like blue gray
Like style and so apologies that I guess my images are broken in this one that I wrote but this is um
um
This has been really fun to have like a piece of software. That's exactly makes talks the way I want them
the way I like to give them and
And I don't think anyone else would use it maybe they would I don't know maybe open call if folks would use this we'll open
it up, but like
This has been great. And most importantly, this is not an interactive ui. This is read-only
I'm, i'm clicking on this stuff jumps down. That's the one interaction it has I interact with this entirely over an api or an mcp server
Talking to it from any agent. I want that can connect to it
Um, so exclusively this is like recording a mini voice memo putting into an agent seeing the changes here reacting
In voice and I can't edit this if I wanted to
um
And the brain behind this is open claw
This one I this one I principally work with with my open claw because that way I can like work on a talk
You know, I can there's a talk i'm giving in three weeks for pi data london so I can like
Feed in something tonight close it. Don't worry about it
Talk to the agent about a thousand other things and then I can come back and we can actually pick right up because of the memory
Substrate there. So I I typically use my open call for stuff like this, which is really distributed over time
That's actually my main use of my open call
And is that the only one you use or do you mix between open code and
I code I use open claw as my main personal
Um interface
Because of how i've customized its memory when i'm working on code. I use claude desktop and codex codex desktop
Um, which I migrated to from the cli's mostly because of how much better it is at managing parallel sessions
um, and so those are my two and I you know, I probably have my own heuristic about which is better for what that I
That I assign work to um
So those are for my let's work on a thing
It's memory bounded and I use an open claw as my memory absorber for more asynchronous work
And that is
some of my agent skills
Very cool and just feedback on cardboard. It looks super useful. So I definitely would be up for for using it
All right, maybe folks want to see it. We'll uh
We'll get it out
Amazing thank you so much that that was really insightful
Uh, so I think then uh, we can move on to the next contestant
Yeah, so thank you. Once again, jeremiah for coming and showing us your agent skills plus plus it's amazing to see everything
We should talk more about the future of ephemeral software, just-in-time software.
I think the ability for everyone to generate things that are helpful to them and their communities, we've just got the tip of the iceberg here.
As one Australian politician said to another one back in the day, you're all tip and no iceberg.
Now, I'm not saying that to anyone here, but it's the types of things that happen in the political landscape here.
I am so excited for Randy Olson to show us what we're up to.
I do want to just quickly show everyone what Randy does.
There's a spider. Watch out, Jeremiah.
Yeah!
These are amazing.
Thanks for sending that through, Randy. I know how busy you are. I really appreciate you taking the time from Washington State to send that through.
Look, there are so many ways to introduce Randy.
One of our first conversations, one of the first podcasts I did nearly a decade ago was about automated machine learning and all the wonderful work you're doing on TPOT.
I actually remember I asked you if you want builders to take away one thing from this conversation, what would you want that to be?
You said, just stop doing basic grid search. There are so many other interesting things to do.
Yet, look where we still are. LLM is still doing grid search.
But a lot of the other things that I've loved about your work are all the amazing things I've learned from you about data visualization,
all the amazing things I've learned from you about the world through data visualization.
You've been moderating the subreddit for a long time on data viz.
But also your work at GoodEye, everything you're thinking about with respect to evals and all the work you've done over the past couple of years,
helping non-technical people build with AI and even building basic retrieval systems for executives and that type of stuff.
So before, and we'll be talking about, one thing you'll show us today is teaching agents to produce beautiful and grounded data visualizations,
which they are not good at, right? So you've built loops to do this.
And it's an evolving set of skills, which we'll get into soon.
So our three questions, what do you love the most about working with AI agents?
I mean, I agree with what everyone has said so far, which is like, of course, the productivity gains are huge.
You know, like I am just I'm a builder at heart. I love building things.
I have so many ideas and I've always been limited by capacity in the past.
And now it's just fire up a new chat, fire up a new tab. Boom.
You can build that in an hour and it's just so easy. And then also treating as a thought partner.
So like I also have like a growing memory base where I throw in ideas and track everything.
That's so invaluable, especially because like most LLMs, even nowadays, still tend to be sycophantic and they'll just agree with you.
And when I load an AI agent with my, what I call a digital twin, it knows I actually want someone who's not necessarily harsh, but won't just agree with me, but will push back.
You know, like I want a thought partner. And you can induce that, you know, by prompting LLMs.
But I think another really interesting thing that I really like about them is like how you can be kind of, I'm getting cut off here, working while being like outside touching grass.
That's also been really nice. You know, some days I'm better at that than others.
But because you can, you know, like Wes was showing us earlier, I think we all use the superpowers flow to do development.
It's kind of slow, but, you know, you can have four tabs running in the background and be like, you know what?
It's beautiful out. It's time to go for a walk. And you're still getting stuff done.
You can even check in remotely while you're off on a walk or you're spending time with family and so on.
So I think I have really appreciated that. It actually gives you, because I am, I'll self-admit, I'm a workaholic and I'm also a hyper-focused person.
I can spend 12 hours straight just hacking away at code. It's great to be able to step away.
Without a doubt. And I do, I totally agree with being able to do it while I go for walks on the beach and jump in the water, come out, check what's up.
I do think it can mean my time away isn't always time away.
But I also am interested in the future of being able to chat with these things better so I don't need to look at my phone all the time.
Not trying to get too future music, but like some Java style, I also don't want to be a glass hole, but some Java style augmented reality stuff could be super interesting.
Also, the ability of us, I was chatting with Vincent Varmadam about this last week.
I've been to Amsterdam quite a lot recently and walking along the canals with him, talking about building stuff.
Just imagine having an AI assistant there that would build stuff that we're talking about in real time.
That may seem futuristic to some people, but I actually don't think it's necessarily that far off.
Yeah, I think that's feasible nowadays. You just invite a meeting recorder, listen, and then send it off to an AI agent, right? Go build.
Totally. Well, yeah, the thing is that they don't necessarily...
Specificity is so important now, like do this, don't do this, do that, don't do that.
But having skills around that can be super useful.
Second question, what do you find most frustrating about working with agents?
Gosh, I think it is the natural tendency for them to be extremely agreeable.
Like we were talking earlier about how the default assumption is, oh yeah, we're going to merge this PR, right?
Default assumption is, yes, we're going to do something. Yes, we're going to give in to this demand or whatever.
I think it's like they're too agreeable by default and you really have to fight them to get them to not be agreeable.
I've written about this a little bit, like there are ways you can prompt them.
You can take advantage of their agreeableness to be disagreeable or be constructive.
But yeah, it's really frustrating. I think that's getting better over time.
I think the post-training is starting to focus more on combating it.
But yeah, that is a very ongoing frustrating thing for me.
Totally. And if all agent conversation somehow got leaked, what would you be most concerned about yours becoming public?
Gosh, I mean, of course, all the personal detail stuff, I put a lot in there too.
Maybe it's just how, maybe some of the tics that I have when I'm interacting with AI agents.
I always find myself typing the same things.
It's like one of my most typed phrases is probably like, be concise and unambiguous.
I'm like typing that over and over and over again. I should just turn that into a skill.
So probably funny little quirks like that, that I have developed while interacting with LLMs.
That would be a pretty funny thing to see.
Super cool. And I feel it's unfair to ask that question without answering it myself.
So I will just say, I think the thing I'd be most concerned about is some of the words I use when I lose it.
Like when I'm being definitely engineering for too long at the end of a long session and I'm dumb, it's dumb.
And I'm just hoping that we can wrap up soon and it does something really dumb.
And some of the words which would get me banned from YouTube are saying live now.
And words that are acceptable in Australia, but definitely wouldn't be over there.
Without further ado, let's jump into all the amazing visualization stuff you're up to.
Yeah, first I thought I'd share. So of course I have this visualization skill workflow that I want to show.
But since we were talking about skills in general, and there might be some folks who are just very new to skills.
I mean skills are frankly a pretty new concept.
I figured maybe I'll hopefully screen share successfully here on my screen.
And maybe the entire screen. And I'll just like show. Is this showing up okay?
Is it plenty large enough?
It's showing up. And if you could maybe zoom in.
Zoom in even more. Okay. How about now? A couple more.
It's not zooming in for us. It might be...
Oh no. Is it showing up?
Maybe it's just doing very small zooms. I think it got a little bit bigger.
Yeah, that's awesome.
Yeah. Okay, good.
Okay, so now things are going to be really, really jankified in there.
Now I did pull this up on a terminal.
But this is still a skill.
And I think you kind of got the lay of the land.
So this is the actual skill, which we can also make available after this as well.
But basically you have your basic front matter that is used for progressive disclosure.
And then here's some things that I think about when I'm working with skills.
And actually, first off, at a high level, with AI agents in general,
is you can open up your cloud, whatever AI agent tool you're using.
I highly recommend connecting as many data sources as you can to it.
Simply because the more information you give to your AI agent,
whether that's through MCPs, CLIs, whatever,
the more it's going to be able to do on your behalf.
And so if you don't have it connected to anything,
and you really restrict it down to just one folder or just one code base,
it can do a lot.
But if we're talking about it can read your code base,
it can check all the changes you made today
and then write a report automatically onto Slack.
So I have a ton of cron jobs that do things like that,
that automatically send off reports to colleagues,
of course getting their permission,
that I'm going to send an AI thing their way.
So connecting everything through MCP and CLI, of course,
with permissions that your IT admin is okay with.
If you're the IT admin, then you're what you're okay with.
It's a huge one.
I would say another one that's really useful,
and not all of these are going to be in this skill is,
actually I guess so, I guess it is,
is I highly recommend in every skill, if you need to do anything,
make sure that you have a phase at the start of the skill
that your environment is actually set up.
So in this case here, in this skill,
it's going to be using some unsurprising libraries,
and hey, some familiar libraries.
And so it needs to install those first and make sure.
So I highly recommend you have the skill set up the environment,
because otherwise if you just tell it, hey, go do this thing,
and it's trying to write Python code,
it's going to crash and have to figure it out on the fly.
So if you can tell your skill ahead of time,
like, hey, make sure everything's set up.
then that is a great start to make sure for a smooth skill. Another thing I highly recommend,
which is not in this skill, but it's done in many many well-designed skills, is to design your skill
as actually like a thin driver. So you want to make, like this is the idea of progressive
disclosure, right? So instead of having, this skill is actually very very long, relatively very long,
has lots of stuff in it, every single one of these phases could be its own like reference
markdown file, right? So then if you're having your skill do something, let's say half of what's
in the skill is not relevant to what you're doing right now, it doesn't have to load that into
context. It can just, if I would just want to jump straight to phase four, it can just load the phase
four thing, load that into its context, and not waste the context on all the phase one through
three. If you ask like Opus to do that, it'll do that by default usually nowadays, and that's a
really good skill design as well. I would also say design your skill to be super unambiguous.
like this one here is actually relatively unambiguous it's like very specific you know
at this step do this at this step do that it actually tells like exact commands to run and
how it actually provides exact code snippets to run right to when it's checking things the more
specific you can be in your skill the more repeatable it is in the future that helps a lot
as well because like when it comes down to it a skill plus an llm is kind of a program right and
so like llms are good at handling stuff that's that's a bit it's a little bit ambiguous whereas
the other things you know like if you need an environment set up you can just tell it run these
commands um and then you've got it in code in here right but providing it deterministic scripts
to run at certain points as well so we have degrees of agency there and autonomy 100% yeah
i mean i think if i were to decompose the skill into a local file all this code would be separate
like a separate python file right i just put it all put it all in one file so it's relatively easy
to see here um and then i think the last thing i'll comment about this is um always like at the
end of your skills or even just have your own skill do like a reflect and improve loop because
you really should i completely agree with with jeremy here like should treat your skills as a
living artifact they're not like a one and done thing there's something that you need to improve
over time and so when you run through on a new use case you're probably like all the time with
data visualizations i'm having to correct how it does things right how it how it visualizes data
how it thinks about data how it makes a good data visualization um and so if you have if you
explicitly put in your skill you can like phase seven here whatever say reflect and improve how
did this run go how can we improve the skill to make it better then it just becomes a part of your
loop right every single run you're learning something new and putting it into the skill
and it's compounding and i think that is like a super super powerful thing about about skills in
particular is that compounding nature to them um so i don't know if we wanted to chat about any of
that but that was like my my uh throwing a bunch of ideas out there around like how i think about
skills and um i think a lot of best practices around skills so many wonderful tips and best
practices i something did come to mind that's tangentially related there were a couple of
questions that i plan on getting to later around harnesses uh in the discord chat and what made me
think of it is the idea of like a skill being something that's continuously updated and
iterated on and something i'm trying to help people understand and convince people of is
a heart and a harness isn't something that a lab ships and you use right um and for those who
haven't heard this term think of the llm as the brain and the harnesses all the things that do
stuff from the brain so tools that it uses whether it's um you know write to a file or execute
something or connect to an mcp server or you use this skill now what happens though is that
when you write a skill or connect to a different mcp server essentially they become part of your
so the idea of iterating constantly on a skill is part of the kind of the mental model of
continually building and rebuilding uh your harness and i'm interested in if this is how you
will think about that yeah i i totally agree i mean it's like the the model unless you're
hardcore and using like you know open source models running your own local models the model's
fixed right you can kind of choose between a few frontier models whatever there's not much you can
do with that even the harness unless you're uh you know also hardcore and making your own harness
or using a local harness that's kind of fixed too right and the harness kind of like helps
orchestrate things like you know use sandboxes or access the mcp or when to hit the model when to
think etc when to take an action whereas the skills are really the thing that can evolve with you
and they can they can kind of like guide the harness plus the model and everything around it
towards what you actually want it to do right you know and i i think that's that's the the
amazing thing about skills and they're just text files that's great totally and the models have
got i mean we had that moment right with 4.5 and then um you know the that week where the three
labs all released the models right that put us in what simon willison calls the inflection point and
yes where they i think they sucked up the harnesses that we were all building they did
like whatever it was like reinforcement learning via verifiable rewards or whatever on all the
traces um and meant that we don't didn't need those extreme kind of all the tool calls we're using and
that type of stuff and at that point the amount you can get away with a bash tool and a search tool
and a bunch of skills you know bob's your uncle as we say now and i'll link to a post by amp which
is a really interesting uh coding agent and product um where they wrote you know harnesses
are dead and it's it's provocative but the basic idea is that models are getting so good that
harnesses are better when uh extremely minimal now i i think i agree i agree with that too especially
it's just like it still makes sense to keep building harnesses and keep building skills
on top of harnesses but the great part about that is like that actually can just become training data
for the frontier model and then just like you said out of you know just straight out of the
model it becomes able to make beautiful charts hey i would love it if they if they trained on
my skill i know we don't need this skill anymore um hugo did you want me to just jump in really
quick i know we're i would i would love to and look we can we can go a bit over each
each guess we've gone five minutes over so if we take that cumulatively we can go for another 24
hours or something i think actually perfect let's do it let's let's token max um cool so um for
those who are unfamiliar or it's just been ages and you and you forgot about me and all the very
important data visualization work i've done so back in the early 2010s i was especially i was
in grad school so i was looking for any excuse to do anything other than work on my phd
hopefully my advisor is not not listening although i think he knows
so i was working on data visualizations like crazy and like i mentioned i'm a builder i'm a very
curious person and so i'd always like go and find a data set try to find an interesting question and
make a blog post about it right so i worked on very very insightful things right like what are
the deadliest films of all time by on-screen death counts there's a cool forum where people
actually watch movies and count every single death i solved things like where's waldo or wally you
know or in other parts of the world where you know if you remember you try to find waldo in the books
there and then i use machine learning to try to find out oh where is he biased towards being and
then optimize the path i optimized road trips and so you know this was like another data visualization
machine learning problem worked on really really important like spurious extrapolations like
the frequency of the use of the word novel in academic research papers if we extrapolate that
all 100 of research papers by 2130 will use the word novel and then there was a short period i
guess it's dead on on twitter or something but there's a short period where we were all at least
i was obsessed with marble racing you know data visualization on that and so like i what i was
always trying to do was to find something interesting or sometimes something silly
and get and like make through data visualization make machine learning make ai or even just make
data topics more accessible to get them into you know visualizing data analyzing data and so on
and i did this for a long time and eventually i realized oh hey like ai agents can do this so
when i when i first went and tried to have an ai agent you know just like hey ai agent make
beautiful data visualization make no mistakes what popped out was honestly like unimpressive
and then that's when i realized oh i have to like encode still what makes for a good data visualization
at least in my opinion and of course having done this a long time i'm highly opinionated on what
makes a good data visualization um if you're familiar with edward tufte he has a giant in
the field of data visualization he's very opinionated on what makes a good data visualization
no chart junk has to be a clear story clear annotations you know like straightforward use
of color so on and so forth and i said what if i encoded that principle into an ai agent
and so that's essentially what what i've done in this posting series and you see i've done a whole
bunch of them where essentially the idea of what i built and i'll jump back to the skill over here
is you take you start with an idea and then the ai agent goes and researches the web to try to like
find data and other stories and everything else that supports um that touches on that and then
it tries to create a valid data visualization and tell a valid data story from that right so if we
jump over here to this tab maybe this text is a little too small um but this is essentially a
prompt into cloud code and of course i always recommend still using you know the the frontier
models i'll say like you know run that template this is a tool that i use to pull it and i can
if we have time i can talk about that and then execute this workflow to visualize the history of
marriage and divorce in the usa i decided to run this ahead of time because this does take a while
but if you run that it loads the workflow which is just this prompt over here right and then it
immediately starts it sets up the environment it does the data set discovery and so i've biased it
towards certain sources you know the cdc like government and educational institution um
institutions for more reliable data rather than just some like random data set that a rando posted
out there and you see it researches a whole bunch and so it looks looks looks um you know it finds
marriage rates between this period oh i need to find divorce rates and it researches um it looked
at a whole bunch of things it looks at pdfs um it looks at uh various web pages and so on and then
i'm just going to keep scrolling here because it's a whole bunch of research that it does and then
finally it pulls it together into a single data set so this is already pretty cool right like it
took an idea researched the web and then turned it into a data set that we can of course go back and
look at the sources and and actually just went and found that data this is amazing because i've
i've done this chart before i've done this work it literally took me an entire weekend of scraping
through pdfs this data is not cleanly organized out there and it just did it i think this part
took maybe five or ten minutes right and then the next stage in it is it creates several variants
to try out different chart types so it'll do like line charts it'll do small multiples
it'll do an area chart and then it'll look at them and using the data visualization criteria
i give it it'll say um you know which one it thinks is better um and this one this time it chose
small multiples i like that one better um i actually ended up overriding it but um essentially
it starts with that prototype because the first thing you want to do when you're visualizing data
or when you're yeah when you're visualizing data is you just want to look at it right like
how does this actually look what is the distribution etc this is essentially what it's
doing right it's looking at it it's getting a sense of what what stories can actually tell
what forms of visualization are actually useful and so on um and then it picks one and it moves
forward with that the next step is then it start it runs a what i call a verifier loop this is
another thing i didn't mention but what another thing i've learned with skills is you don't want
to just tell it what to do you also want to tell it how to check it so that's why there was all
that code in that skill that code is used to verify certain things about data visualization
so it's like a good dpi
I also use LLM as a Judge, or evals, that encode certain Tuftean principles to actually
look directly at the image, and then say pass or fail, and if it fails, to give it feedback
on how to improve the data visualization, because you can't programmatically assess
images, right?
And it basically loops over and over, I think this time this was an easy one, so it just
like passed pretty quickly, but it'll loop on this, and keep fixing and keep fixing,
and these are basically guardrails on the skill, right?
Because what I've told it to do, is it opened up this massive realm of possibility, and
this scopes it back down to say like, hey, I want to chart with this style, with these
qualities and so on, and then that zoomed it in to that.
So that is essentially a quick run-through of the skill, now of course we've been staring
at terminals and whatnot for a while, and this is supposed to be about data visualization,
so what I ended up doing was, I looked at the variants, and I said, I actually prefer
the dual-line variant, let's open it, and let's just do like an open, open the, I think
I have a tab over here, here we go, open chart.png, and can everyone see that okay, is the box
on the bottom right blocking anything, or is that not sharing?
It is showing it, but it's fine, nonetheless, it's perfect.
Okay, so, and so this is the resulting data visualization, and so this one is pretty decent,
I would say, it's pretty okay, it's like, well, for one, it got that data, it shows
an interesting story, it calls out interesting aspects, you know, like these are well-known
stories in the marriage and divorce rates over time in the US, like post-World War
II peak, and how it's been going down over time, and it tells, you know, puts a little
minimalist annotation here, and so on, but like other things that are heavily enforced
is like very minimal background details, no chart junk, labeled axes, making sure that
it's, you know, using just the ranges that it needs, making sure that everything is clear,
and that it's telling a clear story, which is this part here, right on the chart to make
it basically like a shareable thing.
And I just want to be very clear, this is a result of this agent running the skill and
no human intervention yet.
Exactly, yeah, there is zero, there is zero, well, and in this case, there is...
Verification loop.
Exactly, on the verification loop, this was completely out of the AI agent itself, and
if we go back...
Well, can we just go to the chart that you just showed, because I do, I think it's amazing,
I do want to say, this is something you and I have discussed before in DMs, but, so the
actual image, it's incredible that you've been able to encode all of this in a skill,
so we can still see the terminal, if we could see the image.
Oh, you want to open the image.
Yeah, because what I can see, there's one thing that I'd change, and it's the final
frontier of, you know, making sure data viz looks cool, what is it?
It's this freaking overlap.
It's so annoying, isn't it?
It's so annoying!
This is a problem in like all kinds of image-related things.
If anyone solves this consistently, you're a billionaire.
I don't know why, AI models, everything is so bad at detecting when like an annotation
is over a line.
So this is the final frontier of human in the loop, is this is basically what I do.
By the way, I run this skill every single morning, and that's how I make that post series,
and most of what I do is like, oh, no, I'd like that post, or I'd like that image more.
Oh, hey, an annotation's overlapping, otherwise, looks good, post it.
Maybe that would be another embarrassing thing if all my chats got out, is like, you assume
I'm typing genius stuff into my prompts, but actually I'm like, hmm, looks good, let's
proceed.
So, Randy, would you also mind if I just quickly shared my screen, because I ran this skill
the other day when you sent it to me, and I think it works so wonderfully for me.
I just wanted to, and I've shared this with you, but I wanted to run everyone else through
it very briefly, I hope.
This will share the entire window.
Can you see secretariat data, and now, yes, okay, good.
So I, first of all, this was the result, which we'll talk about in a second.
The idea I got, so, remember Randy said, all you need to do is put in an idea, and
so I put in no horses broken secretariat, 1973, Kentucky Derby record.
That was the idea.
Now, where did I get that idea, and I've linked to this in Discord, but from Randy's blog,
so it was, the other day it was the top one, but he does it daily, so it was this one here.
So I put in that idea, and you can see the setup it did, and I'm sorry, just to step
it back a bit, this is a log I wrote, and I often get my agents to write brief logs,
I've got a skill, which is write log, make it human readable, don't make it too, make
it concise yet comprehensive, yada, yada, yada, so I can quickly see everything that
happened.
Found the data now.
It found a Randall Olson CSV.
What it also did, so then it did three parallel variants, et cetera, verify a loop.
Now, it put notes for the human reader, the Randall Olson coincidence, classic LLM style
language there, but the very first search for the data set surfaced a blog post called
no horses broken secretariat, 1973 record, and found Randy's, and then it said his post
used the same source, I'm considering downloading it, but I'm going to use Wikipedia instead,
and I found that really interesting, and so what we'll see also is that, once again, pretty
good, not quite as, well, not quite as nice as Randy's, and a bit of overlap here.
The one other thing I'll mention is Randy's generator evaluator loop is something that,
you know, when Anthropic originally wrote their building effective AI agents blog post,
they recognized this as a really important workflow, one of five workflows, and I'll
link to this in Discord as well, but it's really great to, you know, see this in the
wild, because this is something that's incredibly important, so I just wanted to share a few
of those things and show how easy it was for me to use your skill.
I do have a question, Randy, which is we talked with Wes briefly earlier about encoding, turning
judgment into intelligence, and you've done something amazing here, well, many amazing
things, but one thing here is that you've taken things which normally we'd need to be
applying judgment in the loop and encoded them in a skill, you've got the verification
loop, but how many things can we do that with, and how do you approach encoding judgment
in intelligence?
Oh, gosh, how many things can we put in there?
I mean, I think I'm trying to push the boundary of that every day.
Well, how do you go about it?
Yeah, I think I really approach it like a data scientist, which is, I think, a fun part.
We're all data scientists to some degree here.
And so I think about it as, you know, let's just try it first, right?
Like, let's just, like, literally the whole, like, Tufti test idea, where I created an
eval for a Tufti test, was I was like, okay, I know the principles, let's, like, put that
into an LLM that can look at an image and apply it, right?
And just see, just see if it works.
And then I just keep tuning it from there, right?
I try more examples.
I have this data visualization, I have that data visualization.
I build a full set of data visualizations, ones that I know are good, ones that I know
are bad, and I just keep tweaking it until, you know, like, essentially treating the eval
itself as sort of like a living document, you know?
Like, try things out.
This worked well, this didn't work well.
Oh, let's encode that, you know, and let's keep building that into this eval.
And now I have, you know, a thing, not just a skill, but like an eval, I guess I'll just
call it, or a verifier that is hyper-focused on judging that one thing, you know, and saying
like, yes, no, this is good, and here's why.
So that's how I approach a lot of that, you know, as like, it's all down to data experimentation
and continuously improving things, you know?
Like, accepting that it's never going to be amazing at first, but if you have that compounding
loop, then it's going to get better over time.
Yeah, evaluation and verification.
We'll wrap up in a few minutes.
I don't know if Wes is going to join again to show us what happened with his runs, but
I am interested in people's general thoughts around when we do build evaluators and verifiers,
the ability of agents to game them as well, and how vigilant we need to be.
Do you have any opinions about that, Jeremy?
I was like, quite, quite vigilant.
I mean, it depends on your objective and your risk tolerance, right?
Some years ago, we were working on an agent framework called Marvin, which to this day
I still think is the greatest way to work with agents, but didn't quite catch on, and
therefore, I don't, you know, it is what it is.
We had a lot of LLM as judge situations in there, especially because we didn't know
how to unit test our own, like, we didn't know, evals wasn't a thing, and so we reached
for the thing we did know, which is we have a magic talking computer, now let's ask it
if it did a good job.
And I think the thing that I took away from that is that to the extent that LLMs have
a little wiggle room in what they return to you, when you're trying to nail down something
and it's kind of subjective and it's like, needs to be run very frequently, that variation
really plays out in a way that you don't notice in a one-off conversation.
Like, it sort of forces you to watch what happens over 10,000 runs of the same thing.
Now, today we call that, like, an evals suite, and there's a science around it, and we
understand it better.
Randy could talk a lot more about this than I can, honestly.
He's the expert.
But back in those early days, I just got this very healthy respect for that variation
really is there, you just don't really notice it in any one instance, and maybe just
not suspect of that loop, because it's, I mean, Randy just showed us how valuable it
can be for honing, it's like hill climbing to an outcome, so it's really useful.
I think you just have to, like, temper it for the precision you require in your outcome,
I guess, like any good model.
Yeah, I mean, I also think about it, like, it's so dependent on the context.
Like, if it is, you know, like, it's a guardrail, and something absolutely cannot happen, then
you're probably going to want to try to find something more deterministic.
But I think even still, if, like, an eval is, you know, flips or is wrong, whatever,
80% of the time, like, it's still directionally valuable, you know, like, it's like, the
Tufti test, I've not measured it, but I have seen sometimes it judges things wrong.
But still, on the whole, it's really valuable to have in the loop, because it catches,
especially a lot of the obvious stuff. And that's one less time that I have to spend
my thought tokens, I'd much rather spend Claude's thought tokens, you know, doing something
like that, especially if we think about doing this at a really massive scale.
Yeah, absolutely. And the other point, I think, which we're talking around, is evals are things
that aren't static, like skills, like Johannes, there's something that you constantly iterate
on, and perhaps more at the start, and then build trust with them, and so on, as with
any of these products. And we're actually, in a few weeks, Hamil Hussain is going to
join us to take us through his AI eval skills, which is going to be super fun.
Thank you so much for joining. Please do check out the Luma calendar, which I'll link to in discord. It's in the YouTube description
For our upcoming events. We've got one next week
Which Hilary Mason is going to show us some of her skills from hidden door Eric Maher who leads research data science in
Moderna therapeutics
Brian Bischoff and Tomasz Tungurz from Theory Ventures as well
And then we're going to Europe for our Eurovision special with a bunch of interesting people
But definitely sign up for those
Do check out the agentic data science course that Tomasz and I and some of our wonderful colleagues
Teaching. Thank you all for joining
But most of all, thank you to our wonderful guests for coming and sharing your agent skills with us
It's a pleasure. Thanks for having us
Such a pleasure. And if you wouldn't mind just around on the call for a couple of minutes
That'd be great. Thank you all for joining. Once again, if you enjoyed it, share it with a friend hit like and subscribe and
As dr. Dre said once again. See you in the next episode